[GEN] It's been kinda boring
with so few orders lately.
[TORA]
This should be the norm.
We were working like it was
constantly Black Friday before‐‐
It's too much.
Go to an animal rights group‐‐
or, well, whatever
the appropriate outfit is‐‐
and we might have a real claim
to some fair compensation!
Wow. Would you listen to you?
Really starting to sound
like a human lately, huh?
Hey, cats have to
assert their rights, too!
These days, we're finally
being recognized as
the respectable
creatures that we are,
not just the property of humans.
Get with the times.
We're just cats though.
I think you're making a mountain
out of a molehill here.
Though, I can agree that
we're deserving of some dignity.
More than we have now, at least.
Uh‐huh. Wish they'd take
a page out of our book.
But unlike us furry beasts,
those hairless,
self‐centered animals
can be completely heartless.
No sense counting
on them for anything.
Might have to
fend for ourselves.
Hey, guys, food's ready.
Just sitting under
the kotatsu...
...kinda makes me
wanna eat some ice cream.
[MIZUHO sobbing]
Grandma, you meanie!
‐‐I want ice cream!
‐‐Too bad!
[MIZUHO wails]
I hate you!
[sighs]
Normally, right about now,...
...there'd be some
boring news on the TV...
...and Mom would be putting her
gross cooking on the table.
That takes me back.
Her mom hated us
something terrible, huh?
She was always blaming us for
the dust around the house
because she couldn't
tell the difference
between it and cat hair.
I wish I could go back home.
[TORA, GEN]
Hmm...?
There she goes, wishing
for the impossible again.
For heaven's sake,
she's hopeless.
I don't know, Mizuho's 16
years old already!
If she were a cat, we'd think
it was weird if she hadn't
had kittens yet.
Oh‐ho! Who's not with
the times now?
No one should be expected
to have kittens.
[TORA]
Go eat grass.
Mizuho is still a child.
[MIZUHO slurping]
[SAKURA] Without us around,
she wouldn't survive.
[MIZUHO grunting]
Okay, ice cream time.
Meow?
And this'll be your reward.
Mrawr!
[MIZUHO]
Nope! Not until you get back.
[GEN]
Mrr...
[SAKURA] What did she want
us to get this time?
[TORA]
Ice cream.
And how quickly?
[TORA]
Right away, of course.
Is there enough time?
[GEN] Hmm... Guess we'll
just try our best.
[YAMABIKO grunts]
[NOZOMI, NAGARA]
Hmm?
Are you three warriors
here to fight in our battle?
[NAGARA]
I wouldn't say that.
[SOU]
Then why are you here?!
[NAGARA]
Just dropping by,
'cause we're hoping we
could talk, or something.
[MIZUHO] What my friend
here is trying to say,
is we want you
to make up with Seiji,
'cause your little spat is
annoying everyone else.
Impossible!
There is nothing but the duel
between my brother and I!
[GEN sighs]
Made it in time.
Hmm?
[SOU] If you don't want
to be caught up in it,
then you should
leave this place, now!
Ooh. Scary.
What are we supposed to do now?
[SEIJI] I hate to say
I told you so, but...
Your twin brother is quite
the... Shall we say say, uh...
Grouchy one, huh?
[SEIJI] Yeah. Unlike me,
he's really narrow‐minded.
Okay? But is it true you're
fighting over a strand of hair?
‐‐[SEIJI] Yeah!
‐‐[MIZUHO] Hmm?
It's 110,635, to 110,634!
I have one more than he does.
We've counted a million times,
so, we're sure.
[MIZUHO] Talk about
wigging out over nothing.
[SEIJI]
Hmph. Then we agree.
If he could just admit
that I've beaten him,
this would all be over.
But still, Nagara, Mizuho,
I appreciate you coming.
I'm glad I told
Nozomi about this.
We'll help however we can.
[NOZOMI]
Mm‐hmm.
We all got caught up
in their squabble.
Ms. Aki's gone,
so we can't leave, and...
Huh? What's that look about?
Nothing. Kinda
wondering how long
you're just gonna sit there.
Shut up, will ya?
So mature.
[ASAKAZE]
Damn it!
Tsk‐tsk‐tsk‐tsk.
Tch. You make me wanna hurl.
All of you.
[TORA]
Ah, that poor kid.
Always stompin' off and sulking
when he feels snubbed.
I bet he got
shot down by Nozomi.
He just can't seem
to win her over.
Harsh, but accurate.
[AKI] If we're going
to change the world,
then we'll need the power
that those twins have.
But... it's not like
we need both of them.
[KAGA]
Dosukoi!
[SOU]
Wrong! Watch and learn!
Dosukoi!
Private Kaga, your turn!
[KAGA]
Dosukoi!
Hey, kid! This is an awfully
fine piece of meat you got here!
Tell me where you got it!
Uh. From Seiji!
He gave it to me!
Gottsuan!
Don't sumo talk to me,
you stupid idiot!
I thought I told you
not to go near him!
Gottsuan‐‐
[grunts]
[AKI] Why?! Can't you keep
your promises?! Moron!
[MIZUHO]
So we're sure?
These guys are only fighting
over that single strand of hair,
and that's it?
Yeah, that's what he said.
Ah. You're not thinking...
Yup. You realize it, too?
We can just pluck a hair off
the one who has more,
and shove it in
both their faces.
[NAGARA] You think it's
gonna be that easy?
[NOZOMI] Well, do you have
any better ideas?
[NAGARA]
Hmm... Hair transplant?
[gasping]
There's a power
holdover that does that.
At least, I think.
[boom]
[gasping]
[grunting]
Hey, was that...?
Yeah, "Reverse."
[SEIJI] What'll it be?
How do we fight this time?
[KOSSETSU] The power the twins
have, "Reverse,"
can rewind everything and
basically reset the world.
We were thinking, with it, those
of us that are stuck in stasis,
might be able to rewind back
to before we went adrift.
But no luck?
Well, this whole world is
a giant, barren crater.
It could have been reset
any number of times already.
And if there's no trace left
behind, they might not remember
anything outside of their fight.
[MIZUHO]
Guess that makes sense.
Uh‐huh. And plus, since they
can both use the power,
even if one of them
reverses things,
the other can just do the same.
Then that initial rewinding gets
rewound back to the way it was.
Which is how this has gone on
for thousands of years.
They call it
a "Reverse‐Reverse."
[NOZOMI] True, but Sou
and Seiji aren't just battling
with their powers.
There's also the duel they
always have with each other
when their ability activates.
They have a duel?
[NOZOMI]
Mm‐hmm.
[SOU, SEIJI grunting]
[grunting]
[SOU groans]
[MIZUHO]
Wow, that's amazing!
It actually resets everything,
like a cheat‐code or something.
[NAGARA]
Hmm? What's this?
"Sou Seiji."
[MIZUHO gasps] Wait, so they're
not actually twins?
Does this mean...?
[AKI]
You must feel pretty pathetic.
You keep losing to yourself.
That guy isn't me!
'Cause I'm me, got it?!
Would you like some help?
No!
You two may have started
out being the same...
...but you're
very different now.
I'll beat him on my own.
[AKI] You're a believer,
too, aren't you?
[SOU grunts]
Take this. Think of it as
God's divine protection.
[YAMABIKO] They look
the same at a glance,
but they're not
perfectly identical.
There are slight
variations in each copy.
Shut up, dog.
[YAMABIKO]
I heard that.
[SAKURA gasps]
You've been listening to us?!
Only recently.
[SAKURA] It speaks poorly
of your character to have
kept that to yourself.
Never felt like the
right time to bring it up.
[SAKURA]
Hmph.
Nyamazon stuff is a
bunch of copies, right?
Why are you asking me?
Why?
'Cause you're the one
doing the copying.
[SAKURA] You know what?
You're not so bad.
You're unusually
negative for a dog.
But more importantly,
you're good to Mizuho.
The reason we've
kept this to ourselves
is for her sake, alone.
If word got out, people would
blame her for everything.
[YAMABIKO] Then again,
if it had gotten out,
I'm sure they would
have been able to return
when they had the chance.
[YAMABIKO]
Back to the future they wanted.
[YAMABIKO] Are you sure you kept
it to yourselves for her sake?
What are you saying?
[YAMABIKO] That you're actually
doing it for yourselves.
You're afraid that
if you leave Mizuho‐‐
[SAKURA]
Incorrect.
That girl can't get by
without me watching over her.
[YAMABIKO] I don't think
that's true, personally.
[SAKURA] The first one to
catch on was that curious boy.
He's unusually smart
for his age.
[MIZUHO] Fifty USB cables,
and a box of Sudakosan Taro.
Wait, what's this "Tokimeki
Tick High School" thing?
[RAJDHANI] A video game I made
for the PocketGame system,
thanks to some crowd‐funding.
You created it? So cool!
Yup! But only one
copy was ever sold.
So it became a legendary
one‐of‐a‐kind item!
Folks went crazy
trying to get a hold of it.
Ah! Man, you're really something
else, you know that?
What kinda game is it?
[RAJDHANI] It's a really
difficult, unfair one.
The goal is to find a single
predetermined tick in your class
out of trillions
of possibilities.
then, get it to
fall in love with you.
It's basically a dating sim.
Whoa! That's super interesting!
I put a lot of time into
programming the ticks' emotions.
Anyway, I need it for
reference for this next world
we're conquering.
Is that okay?
Sure. Oh, but I can't get these.
I've tried it
a few times myself,
but those cats won't bring me
anything that's alive.
[sighs]
I was afraid of that.
[MIZUHO]
Thank you.
[RAJDHANI sighs]
[SAKURA]
Meeow!
[RAJDHANI]
Hmm?
Huh?
The only one of
its kind in the world,
but there's two?
As it turns out,
we have all been copied.
[MIZUHO sighs]
[SAKURA]
He had a feeling.
He knew that he did not fully
understand Mizuho's power.
Nor his own, for that matter.
[MIZUHO]
Hey, what should I do?
I don't really understand
my power at all.
[SAKURA] It was then,
he chose a different subject
to investigate.
Are you all copies, too?
[RAJDHANI] It's likely that
"Nyamazon," Mizuho's power,
is actually copying.
Though if that's true...
But those cats won't bring me
anything that's alive.
...it's not exactly adding up.
[SAKURA]
He was close.
Close to the truth
about going adrift.
Mizuho. Could I borrow
your cats for a bit?
There's something
I want to investigate.
‐‐Meow?
‐‐[MIZUHO] Okay.
[RAJDHANI]
Oh. Hey!
‐‐[SAKURA yowls]
‐‐[RAJDHANI] Gah!
You are a cat.
Your name is Tora.
[TORA]
Mrowr...
[RAJDHANI] Are you the one
who coughed up a hairball
on my keyboard two days ago?
Good. On to the next question.
This one has to do with
how you typically bring us
the things we ask for.
What you bring us
aren't the original items.
They're copies from
our world, right?
If you answer me,
I'll give you this.
Meow!
[SAKURA hisses]
That's a good boy.
Next question.
You guys are lying
to us, aren't you?
[RAJDHANI] You really can bring
us living creatures, can't you?
Mrowr...
[RAJDHANI] But you've been
keeping that from us.
Because if people found out,
it would put Mizuho in
a precarious position.
[yowls]
So that's it...
The reason we went adrift
is because Mizuho's power‐‐
Meow!
Ah! Hey, what are you doing?!
Stop, stop, stop!
[grunts]
Ah! Hey!
[SAKURA] I was terrified that he
would announce it to everyone,
but instead, he went off on
a solo journey without a word.
He has good character,
for being so hairless.
Plus, it's not like
Mizuho's the only cause.
Going adrift was something
that couldn't be stopped.
And he was well aware
of that fact.
[SAKURA] When we gave him
those sea monkeys
as a going‐away present,
he seemed quite excited.
[SAKURA sniffing]
I wish I could go back home.
[SEIJI]
How've things changed so much...
...over a single strand
of hair on my head?
Not very tasty‐looking.
[NOZOMI] Then again,
is it even possible two copies
could have been made of someone?
We haven't seen that yet.
Feels like an accident.
Like when someone
screws up your food order.
You're right.
Is it possible it was just
a mistake of some kind?
[GEN]
Mrr.
[YAMABIKO]
Hmm?
[KOSSETSU]
When they bring Kaga back...
...all of us will be together.
Once we do a head count,
I was wondering if you guys
could take us to another world‐‐
‐‐Stop it.
‐‐Uh?
[ASAKAZE] We aren't leaving
until Ms. Aki returns.
[KOSSETSU]
But...
Not every world has a nice,
safe spot for people like you
to sit around in.
[KOSSETSU sighs]
[NOZOMI] Hey, by "safe spot" do
you mean like this kid's bedroom
you made for yourself?
I mean, if you're powerless,
then you can't get by
on your own.
Someone has to be
there to help you.
Yeah, you're right.
It's probably thanks to you
that I've been able to survive
in this world.
Then you should
do as I say. Okay?
[NOZOMI]
Then again, I don't care.
I'll pick where I belong on
my own, thank you very much.
[ASAKAZE laughs] You can't do
anything by yourself, though.
Just admit it already.
You're dead weight
for everybody around you.
[NOZOMI gasps]
[ASAKAZE] You can talk a big
game, but that doesn't mean
you can change anything.
[MIZUHO sighs]
Nozomi!
Let her go off by herself.
She's just gonna
slow everyone down.
Do you actually mean that?
[ASAKAZE]
I do.
It's best if she
didn't go with you.
That's not something
that you get to decide.
Only Nozomi can do that.
[NOZOMI]
Go away.
[TORA]
Meow?
[NOZOMI] I'm not in
a good mood right now.
[NOZOMI] I keep hoping
someone would put an end
to all of this for me.
To be honest, those kinds
of slippery thoughts
are all that've been
on my mind lately.
I recognize this.
It's the kind of bear they
give to newborn babies.
I had one, too,
but I threw it out.
[gasps]
[MIZUHO]
You know why?
'Cause I had cats
to take its place.
They're always nice and warm,
while the bear was cold.
'Cause it's dead.
[ASAKAZE grunts]
[MIZUHO] You can talk to the
bear, but it'll never respond.
And the fur feels all wrong.
You know, 'cause it's dead.
[ASAKAZE]
Yeah, well, I‐‐
Threw mine away, too...
Mrowr...
[SAKURA]
At nighttime, in the dark,
she can't even go up
the stairs by herself.
I'll bet she's trembling in fear
from the storm right about now.
[SAKURA] We can't live with
her in that house anymore.
[SAKURA] I know that we're
going to get split up.
[SAKURA]
She's just a child...
She's still just a little...
[panting]
[SEIJI]
I've always wondered...
...what's the point
of the animal?
[SEIJI] What are you gonna
do with that toy?
Just how far have you fallen?
Ever since the day when another
me starting walking around,
my only wish has been to
wipe you from existence.
[SEIJI]
Good luck with that.
You and I both have
the same power.
You've known for quite
some time, haven't you?
That Seiji has
no chance of winning?
[AKI]
That's why you pray.
That's right.
Ah?
This is yours!
Today, we're dueling.
[AKI]
There you go.
You must be tired of the same
outcome every time, right?
[toy gun beeping]
[SOU]
These are no ordinary toy guns.
And just now, that
was called a "skip."
Finally, my wish has come true.
[MIZUHO]
Sakura!
[panting]
Stop it! That's god's sacrifice!
[YAMABIKO snarls]
[MIZUHO growls]
You realize she's still alive.
Nothing's ever gonna change if
you keep clinging to somebody!
[SOU grunts]
Sometimes, you just have to deal
with things all by yourself!
[gasps]
Meow...
[NAGARA]
It's too cold out here.
[TORA]
Mrowr...
You know, I only
changed thanks to you.
[NAGARA] Because...
you showed me the light.
[NAGARA]
You coming?
[NOZOMI]
Yeah.
[AKI]
Congratulations.
You win.
So? How does it feel
now that you're the victor?
Honestly...
...I dunno.
It feels kinda hollow.
Why is that?
Because now... I've lost...
...my purpose.
[gasps]
[toy gun beeping]
[NOZOMI]
Hey, they're back.
Mrow.
It's the medicine
I ordered for Sakura.
[NOZOMI] Uh. Wait. Isn't she the
one who usually brings us stuff,
or am I crazy?
Yeah, she's always been lazy.
The others do the heavy lifting.
[NOZOMI] Really? She seems
like the smartest one, too.
[horn honking]
Ah. I have to get going.
[MIZUHO] Aww. You're
not gonna have any fun
with that bus full of stiffs.
[KOSSETSU]
Well, yeah.
I‐I know, but...
[honking]
[KOSSETSU]
They're waiting.
Nozomi, I'll be in touch.
[NOZOMI]
See yah!
Bye‐bye.
[ASAKAZE sighs]
[NAGARA] All that's left
is a gaping hole, huh?